A slug test estimates aquifer parameters by suddenly displacing well
Drilling-induced formation damage creates a disturbed near-well skin
Rapid flow across a screen or gravel pack can violate Darcy's law and
Transient aquifer-head equation around the well
Linear screen-head discontinuity controlled by skin factor
Rate of water-level change inside the test well
Combined linear and quadratic near-screen flow resistance
Dimensionless nonlinear slug-test system
Laplace-domain head and well-level equations
Semi-analytical Laplace-domain solution
Time-domain slug-test response
The Cooper et al. 1967 Laplace-domain slug-test solution
Independent finite-element time-domain slug-test response
Numerical verification of the semi-analytical solution
Transmissivity, storativity, skin factor, and Forchheimer coefficient
Site-specific ME and SEE rankings for LA-87B, LA-88B, and LA-88A
For the tested wells, Case 3 gives the smallest reported errors at